Create SECURITY.md (#1719)
rrweb-io/rrweb: SECURITY.md

# Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

This document outlines rrweb's vulnerability disclosure policy.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.

> Instead, please report them to our GitHub Security page. If you prefer to submit one without using GitHub, you can also email us at security@rrweb.io.

Reviewer: @Juice10 would that email route anywhere?
i'd guess it's better not to have an email route published since then someone needs to monitor that inbox

Reviewer 2: we've set up a new private google group for this which will also email members of the core team directly

Reviewer 2: ( @YunFeng0817  has edited this PR from security@rrweb.io to rrweb-security@googlegroups.com )

> We commit to acknowledging vulnerability reports immediately and will work to fix active vulnerabilities as soon as we can. We will publish resolved vulnerabilities as security advisories on our GitHub security page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We commit to acknowledging vulnerability reports and will work to fix active vulnerabilities as soon as we can (noting this is a community run project).

We will publish resolved vulnerabilities as security advisories on our GitHub security page.
```
